Amazon Simple Queue Service, SQS,
is a fully managed message queuing service that
allows you to integrate queuing functionality in your application.
With SQS, you can send, store,
and receive messages between applications without losing messages.
SQS offers two type of message queues; standard and FIFO.
Standard queues offer best effort ordering,
while SQS FIFO queues are designed to guarantee that messages are
processed exactly once in the exact order they were added to the queue.
Let's say you've created a course registration system,
and to improve scalability,
you send account creation and course registration messages to a queue.
In order for a student to register for a course,
their account must first be created then they can be registered.
The ordering of these steps is very important.
You do not want a student to attempt to register
for a course before their account is created.
Since ordering is important,
a FIFO queue should be used in this case.